DOCS-942: Document Frame System Calibration for GPS Navigation accuracy (#1585)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/services/navigation/_index.md

You must configure a [base](/components/base/) with a [movement sensor](/components/movement-sensor/) as part of your robot to configure a Navigation service.

> {{% alert title="Stability Notice" color="stability notice" %}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% alert title="Important" color="note" %}}
```
I think "Important" makes sense here.
For future reference, when it is a stability notice, the color to use is "note"

> {{% alert title="Stability Notice" color="stability notice" %}}

Author: Ok, that makes more sense to me here as well!

| `meters_per_sec` | float | Optional | The default linear velocity for the [base](/components/base/) in meters per second. <br> Default: `0.3` |
| `obstacles` | obj | Optional | Any obstacles you wish to add to the robot's path. See the [Motion Service](/services/motion/) for more information. |

### Configure and calibrate the Frame System Service for GPS Navigation

{{% alert title="Info" color="info" %}}

> The [Frame System Service](/services/frame-system/) is an internally managed and mostly static system for storing the "reference frame" of each component of a robot within a coordinate system configured by the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Frame System Service](/services/frame-system/) is an internally managed and mostly static system for storing the reference frame of each component of a robot within a coordinate system configured by the user.
```
I agree with Tess that this alert is probably not necessary and can come out in favor of just linking to the frame system doc. However, if it stays in, recommend taking the quote marks off here.

> It stores the required contextual information for Viam's services like [Motion](/services/motion/) and [Vision](/services/vision/) to use the position and orientation readings returned by components like [movement sensors](/components/movement-sensor/).

Author: I would like to make this sentence more precise but am not sure of the full scope of the frame service within the platform/all the services?

Author: Ok to remove if both of y'all think this clutters up the page! I felt drawn to add the tip in because the frame system is one of the harder parts of the platform to grasp at first, so if someone hadn't read through those docs that was reading through this doc, they might appreciate the info.

{{% /alert %}}

> For the most accurate autonomous GPS navigation with the Navigation Service, configure and calibrate the Frame System Service for the components of your robot.

Reviewer: What happens if you don't configure a frame system? Can you even use the nav service effectively at all?

Reviewer 2: If you happen to orient your movement sensor on your base in the way we expect, then it will work. But if you need to calibrate, then you must configure a frame system.

Reviewer: Should we say "For the most accurate..." or is there a way to just tell everyone to do it, unless they orient it way we expect? What are the odds they do

Reviewer 2: We should tell everyone to do it. I think 1 in 4?

Author: Cool, done

To start, add the Frame System Service to your rover [base](/components/base/) and [movement sensor](/components/movement-sensor/).

- Navigate to the **Config** tab of your robot's page in [the Viam app](https://app.viam.com).
  Scroll to the card with the name of your base:

>     {{< imgproc src="/services/navigation/click-add-frame-ui.png" alt="The button to add a frame selected with the cursor on the Viam App config builder." resize="500x" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    {{< imgproc src="/services/navigation/click-add-frame-ui.png" alt="The button to add a frame selected with the cursor on the Viam app config builder." resize="500x" >}}
```
[nit] I know it's alt text and doesn't show up anyway, but this makes it easier when we're sweeping the docs for incorrect capitalization

- Click **Add Frame**.

  - Keep the `parent` frame as `world`.
  Select the **Geometry** drop-down menu.
  - Configure a **Geometry** for the base that reflects its physical dimensions.
  Reference [these instructions](/services/frame-system/#bounding-geometries) to configure your geometry and measure the physical dimensions of your base.

>     ![The frame card for the base in the Viam App config builder.](/services/navigation/full-frame-base-ui.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ![The frame card for the base in the Viam app config builder.](/services/navigation/full-frame-base-ui.png)
```
[nit]

- Scroll to the card with the name of your movement sensor.
  Click **Add Frame** and select the **Parent** box.

>   - Type in the `name` of your base to specify this component as the `parent` of the sensor in the reference frame coordinate system.

Author: ```suggestion
  - Type in the `name` of your base to specify this component as the `parent` of the sensor in the reference frame coordinate system, and click **Save Config** to save your configuration.
```

  See [how to configure nested reference frames](/services/frame-system/nested-frame-config/) for an explanation of this configuration process.

>   ![The frame card for the base in the Viam App config builder.](/services/navigation/full-frame-movement-sensor-ui.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ![The frame card for the base in the Viam app config builder.](/services/navigation/full-frame-movement-sensor-ui.png)
```
[nit]

  - Give the movement sensor a **Translation** that reflects where it is mounted on your base, measuring the coordinates with respect to the origin of the base.

>     In other words, designate the origin of the base as `(0,0,0)`, and measure the distance the sensor is *translated*, or, *displaced*, from that point, to obtain the coordinates of the **Translation**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In other words, designate the origin of the base as `(0,0,0)`, and measure the distance between the origin of the base and the origin of the sensor to obtain the coordinates of the **Translation**.
```

Author: That makes sense too

>     See [the Frame System Service](/services/frame-system/configuration/) for more information, and [Viam's Internals](/internals/orientation-vector/) for a detailed guide on conducting this measurement.

Author: ```suggestion
    See [the Frame System Service](/services/frame-system/#configuration) for more information, and [Viam's Internals](/internals/orientation-vector/) for a detailed guide on conducting this measurement.
```

>     See [the Frame System Service](/services/frame-system/#configuration) for more information, and [Viam's Internals](/internals/orientation-vector/) for a detailed guide on conducting this measurement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    See [the Frame System Service](/services/frame-system/#configuration) for more information, and [Viam Internals](/internals/orientation-vector/) for a detailed guide on conducting this measurement.
```
[nit]

>     See [the Frame System Service](/services/frame-system/#configuration) for more information, and [Viam's Internals](/internals/orientation-vector/) for a detailed guide on conducting this measurement.

Author: ```suggestion
    See [the Frame System Service](/services/frame-system/#configuration) for more information, and [the Viam Internals](/internals/orientation-vector/) for a detailed guide on conducting this measurement.
```

> Then, to calibrate your Frame System for the most accurate autonomous GPS navigation with the Navigation Service:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, to calibrate your frame system for the most accurate autonomous GPS navigation with the Navigation Service:
```
I *think* regardless of whether we change caps for the conceptual services, this is an instance so it's lower case??

> - After configuring your robot, navigate to the **Control** page and select the card matching the name of your Navigation Service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- After configuring your robot, navigate to the **Control** page and select the card matching the name of your navigation service.
```
[nit] Maybe? Since it's also an instance?

> - Monitor the readings displayed on the card, and verify that the compass or orientation readings from the movement sensor report `0` when the base is facing north.

Reviewer 2: I don't believe the compass or orientation readings will show up on the Navigation Service card. Once https://viam.atlassian.net/browse/RSDK-4140 is implemented, you'll be able to see the compass heading in the Navigation Service card, but this is not available yet. For now, the sensor readings will show up in the movement sensor card.

Author: Ok, thank you! Updating to reflect

- If you cannot verify this:

>   - Navigate back to your robot's **Config** page. Scroll to the card with the name of your base. Adjust the **Orientation** of the frame to compensate for the mismatch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Navigate back to your robot's **Config** page.
  Scroll to the card with the name of your base.
  Adjust the **Orientation** of the frame to compensate for the mismatch.
```

  - Navigate back to the Navigation card on your **Control** page, and confirm that the compass or orientation readings from the movement sensor now report `0` when the base is facing north, confirming that you've successfully calibrated your base to be oriented accurately within the Frame System.

>   - If you cannot verify this, repeat as necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - If the movement sensor does not read `0` when the base is facing north, repeat as necessary.
```

Author: This makes sense procedurally but I don't think we need to say this x3!

| `meters_per_sec` | float | Optional | The default linear velocity for the [base](/components/base/) in meters per second. <br> Default: `0.3` |
| `obstacles` | obj | Optional | Any obstacles you wish to add to the robot's path. See the [Motion Service](/services/motion/) for more information. |

### Configure and calibrate the Frame System Service for GPS Navigation

{{% alert title="Info" color="info" %}}

The [Frame System Service](/services/frame-system/) is an internally managed and mostly static system for storing the reference frame of each component of a robot within a coordinate system configured by the user.

It stores the required contextual information for Viam's services like [Motion](/services/motion/) and [Vision](/services/vision/) to use the position and orientation readings returned by components like [movement sensors](/components/movement-sensor/).

{{% /alert %}}

> For the most accurate autonomous GPS navigation with the Navigation Service, configure and calibrate the Frame System Service for the components of your robot.

Author: ```suggestion
To make sure your rover base's autonomous GPS navigation with the Navigation Service is accurate, configure and calibrate the Frame System Service for the components of your robot.
```

Author: @JessamyT @tessavitabile Do you think this is sufficient to make that clear? I could also add an intro sentence or tip elsewhere on the page

Reviewer 2: LGTM!

Reviewer: I see this is already merged now, but I think something more similar to your original sentence structure is easier to parse in this case @sguequierre 
```suggestion
To ensure the accuracy of your rover base's autonomous GPS navigation with the Navigation Service, configure and calibrate the Frame System Service for the components of your robot.
```
or some other restructuring. Not a high priority to fix now that it's merged, perhaps, but the subject of this clause is so long that as a reader, I find myself trying to find a verb long before the verb appears in the sentence.

  Click **Add Frame** and select the **Parent** box.
  - Type in the `name` of your base to specify this component as the `parent` of the sensor in the reference frame coordinate system, and click **Save Config** to save your configuration.
  See [how to configure nested reference frames](/services/frame-system/nested-frame-config/) for an explanation of this configuration process.
  ![The frame card for the base in the Viam App config builder.](/services/navigation/full-frame-movement-sensor-ui.png)

  - Give the movement sensor a **Translation** that reflects where it is mounted on your base, measuring the coordinates with respect to the origin of the base.

    In other words, designate the origin of the base as `(0,0,0)`, and measure the distance the sensor is *translated*, or, *displaced*, from that point, to obtain the coordinates of the **Translation**.

    See [the Frame System Service](/services/frame-system/#configuration) for more information, and [the Viam Internals](/internals/orientation-vector/) for a detailed guide on conducting this measurement.

Then, to calibrate your frame system for the most accurate autonomous GPS navigation with the Navigation Service:

> - After configuring your robot, navigate to the **Control** page and select the card matching the name of your navigation service.

Author: ```suggestion
- After configuring your robot, navigate to the **Control** page and select the card matching the name of your movement sensor.
```

- Monitor the readings displayed on the card, and verify that the compass or orientation readings from the movement sensor report `0` when the base is facing north.
- If you cannot verify this:
  - Navigate back to your robot's **Config** page.

>   Scroll to the card with the name of your base.

Reviewer 2: I think this should be the movement sensor, instead of the base.

Author: Amazing catch, thank you Tess

Author: That is an important detail indeed

Author: I was looking at the doc notes again and I realized that I was confused on the meaning of the sentence outlining that step, but if I was thinking about it the movement sensor has to be the component oriented haha. Guess it's good to spec here

>   Scroll to the card with the name of your base.

Author: ```suggestion
  Scroll to the card with the name of your movement sensor.
```

  Adjust the **Orientation** of the frame to compensate for the mismatch.

>   - Navigate back to the Navigation card on your **Control** page, and confirm that the compass or orientation readings from the movement sensor now report `0` when the base is facing north, confirming that you've successfully calibrated your base to be oriented accurately within the Frame System.

Author: ```suggestion
  - Navigate back to the Navigation card on your **Control** page, and confirm that the compass or orientation readings from the movement sensor now report `0` when the base is facing north, confirming that you've successfully calibrated your robot to be oriented accurately within the Frame System.
```
